"We may think we are nurturing our garden, but of course it's our garden that is really nurturing us!" - Jenny Uglow
"No two gardens are the same. No two days are the same in one garden." - Hugh Johnson
"One of the most delightful things about a garden is the anticipation it provides." - W. E. Johns
"Never underestimate the healing power of a quiet moment in the garden." - Unknown
"Gardening is the work of a lifetime: You never finish." - Oscar de la Renta
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need." - Cicero
“Garden as though you will live forever.” – William Kent
“The love of gardening is a seed once sown that never dies.” – Gertrude Jekyll
“I always see gardening as escape, as peace really. If you are angry or troubled, nothing provides the same solace as nurturing the soil.” – Monty Don
“The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just the body, but the soul.” – Alfred Austin
“Gardens are not made by singing ‘Oh, how beautiful,’ and sitting in the shade.” – Rudyard Kipling
“I’ve always felt that having a garden is like having a good and loyal friend.” – C Z Guest
“Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.” – A A Milne
“I like gardening – it’s a place where I find myself when I want to lose myself.” – Alice Sebold
“You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.” – Pablo Neruda
“To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.” – Audrey Hepburn
“The more help a person has in the garden, the less it belongs to him.” – W H Davies
“What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“In the spring, at the end of the day, you should smell like dirt.” – Margaret Atwood
“Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace.” – May Sarton
“A garden is a grand teacher. It teaches patience and careful watchfulness; it teaches industry and thrift; above all it teaches entire trust.” – Gertrude Jekyll
“All gardening is landscape painting.” – William Kent
“If you’ve never experienced the joy of accomplishing more than you can imagine, plant a garden.” – Robert Brault
“The biggest obstacle to good gardening is the desire to know the answers and not the questions.” – Monty Don
“In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect.” – Alice Walker
“Gardening is learning, learning, learning. That’s the fun of them. You’re always learning.” – Helen Mirren
“When the world wearies and society fails to satisfy, there is always the garden.” – Minnie Aumonier
“Show me your garden and I shall tell you what you are. – Alfred Austin
“Use plants to bring life.” – Douglas Wilson
“Let us not forget that the cultivation of the earth is the most important labor of humanity.” – Daniel Webster
“The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses.” – Hanna Rion
“To forget how to dig the earth and to tend the soil is to forget ourselves.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“My garden is my favorite teacher.” – Betsy Garmon
“I think the true gardener, the older he grows, should more and more develop a humble, grateful and uncertain spirit.” – Reginald Farrer
“If you’ve never experienced the joy of accomplishing more than you can imagine, plant a garden.” – Robert Breault
“The soil is the great connector of our lives, the source and destination of all.” – Wendell Berry
“My garden is my most beautiful masterpiece.” – Claude Monet
“Green fingers are the extensions of a verdant heart.” – Russell Page
“The best place to find God is in a garden. You can dig for him there.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.” – Luther Burbank
“Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them.” – A.A. Milne
“We must cultivate our own garden.” – Voltaire
“Use plants to bring life.” – Douglas Wilson
“The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway.” – Michael Pollan
“Gardening is about enjoying the smell of things growing in the soil, getting dirty without feeling guilty, and generally taking the time to soak up a little peace and serenity.” – Lindley Karstens
“In almost every garden, the land is made better and so is the gardener.” – Robert Rodale
“Flowers are restful to look at. They have neither emotions nor conflicts.” – Sigmund Freud
“There are no gardening mistakes, only experiments.” – Janet Phillips
“I like gardening – it’s a place where I find myself when I need to lose myself.” – Alice Sebold
“How fair is a garden amid the trials and passions of existence.” – Benjamin Disraeli
“When the world wearies and society fails to satisfy, there is always the garden.” – Minnie Aumonier
"Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food, and medicine for the soul." - Luther Burbank
"Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead." - Good Morning Quote
"A lawn is nature under totalitarian rule." - Michael Pollan
"The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly." - William Wordsworth
"Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get." - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"A weed is but an unloved flower." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows." - Doug Larson
"Plant and your spouse plants with you; weed and you weed alone." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
"Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?" - Douglas Adams
"It is a good idea to be alone in a garden at dawn or dark so that all its shy presences may haunt you and possess you in a reverie of suspended thought." - James Douglas
"What a man needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it." - Charles Dudley Warner
“I don’t like formal gardens. I like wild nature. It’s just the wilderness instinct in me, I guess.” - Walt Disney
“To dwell is to garden.” - Martin Heidegger
“The more help a person has in his garden, the less it belongs to him." - W. H. Davies
“Flowers are happy things.” - P. G. Wodehouse
“The garden, by design, is concerned with both the interior and the land beyond the garden.” - Stephen Gardiner
I need my friends, I need my house, I need my garden.“ - Miranda Richardson
“I like solitary pursuits, such as reading or pottering about in the garden.” - Hayley Mills
"Gardening requires lots of water — most of it in the form of perspiration." - Lou Erickson
"Gardening is cheaper than therapy and you get tomatoes." - Author Unknown
"Gardening is a matter of your enthusiasm holding up until your back gets used to it." - Author Unknown
"A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself." - May Sarton
"The greatest gift of the garden is the restoration of the five senses." Hanna Rion
"God made rainy days so gardeners could get the housework done." - Author Unknown
"Don't wear perfume in the garden — unless you want to be pollinated by bees." - Anne Raver
"Plant carrots in January and you'll never have to eat carrots." - Author Unknown
"Gardens are a form of autobiography." - Sydney Eddison
"Many things grow in the garden that were never sown there." - Thomas Fuller
"Despite the gardener's best intentions, Nature will improvise." - Michael P. Garofalo
"Coffee. Garden. Coffee. Does a good morning need anything else?" - Betsy Cañas Garmon
"The hum of bees is the voice of the garden." - Elizabeth Lawrence
"Anybody who wants to rule the world should try to rule a garden first." - Gardening Saying
"Life begins the day you start a garden." - Chinese Proverb
"Life's a garden — dig it." - Gardening Saying
"An optimistic gardener is one who believes that whatever goes down must come up." - Leslie Hall
"Gardeners learn by trowel and error." - Gardening Saying
"I cultivate my garden, and my garden cultivates me." - Robert Breault
"Weed it and reap." - Gardening Saying
"A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in." - Greek Proverb
"All gardeners know better than other gardeners." - Chinese Proverb
"To forget how to dig the earth and to tend the soi is to forget ourselves." - Mahatma Gandhi
"When the going gets tough, the tough go to the garden." ― Anonymous
"If you want to be happy for a day, get drunk. If you want to be happy for a year, get married. But if you want to be happy for a lifetime, plant a garden." ― Chinese Proverb
"Happiness held is the seed • Happiness shared is the flower." ― Anonymous
"Happiness is to hold flowers in both hands." ― Japanese Proverb
"Gardening simply does not allow one to be mentally old, because too many hopes and dreams are yet to be realized." — Allan Armitage
"Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help. Gardening is an instrument of grace." ― May Sarton
"A garden is a friend that you can visit anytime." — Anonymous
